
Health Insurance Incentives

1	Abstract/Summary
A Health care insurance would like to encourage the patients for physical activities (walking) and they would like to have system where they can verify the number of footsteps taken by a patient on a daily basis and on monthly basis based on which some incentives will be given to the user.
2	Expected Solution Statement
Develop a block chain based system which records the number of footsteps taken by a patient on a daily basis and the data needs to be pushed to block chain system at the end of each day.
3	Actors
1.	Patient  ( create a wallet for each patients ) 
a.	Patient-id
b.	Location
c.	Disease
d.	Age
e.	Gender
2.	Health insurance provider ( create a wallet for each patients )
a.	Insurance provider id
b.	Location

4	Required Data (Transaction data)
4.1	Data which needs to be captured in block chain system
Number of footsteps (can be simulated in the systems eg: 10,000 steps)
Patient id
Health insurance provider id.
Example:
Data	unit	eg	In System
Patient –ID	Unique numerical number	1234	A variable in the system
Health insurer – id	Unique numerical number	5678	A variable in the system
Number of foot steps	Positive integer	10,000	A variable in the system


4.2	Smart contract scenarios: 
When the number of steps taken by a patient is more than 2 lakhs in a month then a small incentive shall be given to the user.
Eg: 5 ETH (ethereum tokens) shall be credited in the patient wallet
When the number of steps taken by a patient is more than 4 lakhs in a month then a small incentive shall be given to the patient.
Eg: 10 ETH (ethereum tokens) shall be credited in the user wallet
When the number of steps taken by a patient is less than 2 lakhs in 2 consecutive months then a small incentive shall be revoked from the user wallet.
Eg: 4 ETH (ethereum tokens) shall be revoked from patient wallet and credited back into Health insurance provider wallet.
When The number of expected footsteps (8,000 steps ) is not maintained for more than 7 consecutive days then the patient becomes in-eligible for incentive for that month


5	Scenarios
Simulate the appropriate device data (footsteps) / data and demonstrate the following scenarios
5.1	Accept Patient footsteps
System shall push the number of steps (on behalf of patient) along with other details.
5.2	Reject Patient footstep records
If The number of expected footsteps (8,000 steps ) is not maintained for more than 7 consecutive days then the patient becomes in-eligible for incentive for that month.

6	User interface Screens
User interface screen is required for Health insurance provider and patient.
Create at least 10 patient records with wallets.
Create 1 health insurance provider.
Health insurance provider UI:
If I login as health insurance provider I can see all the patient list. ( in this case 10 patients )
Example screen with list of patients

Patient	Today’s date	Steps in this Month so far	Eligibile for incentive	Disease
Patient 1	9000 steps	60,000	Yes/No	Diabetes

Patient  UI:
Patient can see his / her wallet information and the steps taken so far.
Today’s date	Steps in this Month so far	Eligible for incentive	Disease	My Wallet
9000 steps	60,000	Yes/No	Diabetes	10 ETH

